Add Inference Time Scaling Module (#381)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/simple_rag/README.md

--------------------------------------------------
Workflow Result:
['CUDA and MCP are two distinct technologies with different purposes and cannot be directly compared. CUDA is a parallel computing platform and programming model, primarily used for compute-intensive tasks such as scientific simulations, data analytics, and machine learning, whereas MCP is an open protocol designed for providing context to Large Language Models (LLMs), particularly for natural language processing and other AI-related tasks. While they serve different purposes, CUDA and MCP share a common goal of enabling developers to create powerful and efficient applications. They are complementary technologies that can be utilized together in certain applications to achieve innovative outcomes, although their differences in design and functionality set them apart. In essence, CUDA focuses on parallel computing and is developed by NVIDIA, whereas MCP is focused on context provision for LLMs, making them unique in their respective fields but potentially synergistic in specific use cases.']
--------------------------------------------------
```

> Note that the workflow was executed thrice, with three different `Final Answer` sections! The selector then combines them into a single, comprehensive response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The workflow was executed three times, with three different `Final Answer` sections. The selector then combines them into a single, comprehensive response.
```
